Form Field docs to site (#2299)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/form-field/usage.mdx

---
title: Form Field
layout: DetailComponent
sidebar:
  label: How to use
data:
  $ref: ./#/data
---

### Using the Form Field component

- We highly recommend using the Form Field Label and Form Field Helper Text components within Form Field to provide your form elements with the descriptive label and validation feedback required to ensure ADA compliance.

- Align the Form Field to the correct Salt layout grid for your density and viewport size. Set the width of the form control to the number of columns that best reflects the length of the control’s expected value. The form control width can be set independently of the Label and Helper Text if required.

- Use Form Field as a wrapper for editable components in a form layout—such as a simple form, filter panel or cash ticket.

#### Form Pattern

Follow the Salt [Forms pattern](/salt/patterns/forms), for guidance using Form Fields in forms.

### Import

To import Form Field from the core Salt package, use:

```js
import { FormField, FormFieldHelperText, FormFieldLabel } from "@salt-ds/core";
```

### Props

> <PropsTable componentName="FormField" />

Reviewer: Please add headings to separate

---
title: Form Field
layout: DetailComponent
sidebar:
  label: How to use
data:
  $ref: ./#/data
---

### Using the Form Field component

> - We highly recommend using the Form Field Label and Form Field Helper Text components within Form Field to provide your form elements with the descriptive label and validation feedback required to ensure ADA compliance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We highly recommend using the `FormFieldLabel` and `FormFieldHelperText` components within Form Field to provide your form elements with the descriptive label and validation feedback required to ensure ADA compliance.
```
